the player that has caught my eye this
year has gotta be Martinez he's emerged
as a real build talent these goals have
helped what I'll get to where they are
not only his goals but your movement is
touch his ability it'd be the player
that stood up well it didn't know much
about váradi at PSG watched him against
Chelsea in the two games and thought he
was exceptionally good for young clarity
you know control the midfield and pass
and lose and you know I played midfield
myself so I'm a big admirer of him pick
any of the Barcelona top City is the
excitement pleasure to him at nirmaan
has had an exceptional season and he's
really improved on his first season last
year Suarez has really come in to form a
and he is making Barcelona really tick
and of course you know every backed up a
I think the best player has ever been in
merci so any of those three really a
really lit up the tournament for me it's
hard to point away from the obvious
which is a Messi and Ronaldo it's been a
little bit frightening because they're
their progression has been open or not
it's not plateaued at all you see a lot
of players they can't they go up they go
up and then certain ages they start to
plateau off we see what would run our D
Mia with our though haka
Rivaldo players like that but Cristiano
Ronaldo and Messi have really gone up
and up and up and I think their battle
against each other has allowed them to
do that as well and I believe Suarez is
not far behind them as well and Neymar
picking one out there now the Messi I
would probably go you know I probably
got an album only reason is because I
think physically he is a wonderful
special heading the ball everything you
know left foot right foot print in the
lot he's gotten a lot so I would
probably pick him as a messy but it only
be like a fingernail
you